# Custom matplotlib configuration for black-hole-astrophysics

# choose custom font
font.sans-serif             : Roboto
font.size                   : 10

# use custom fonts for mathtext
mathtext.fontset            : custom
mathtext.it                 : Roboto:italic
mathtext.rm                 : Roboto
mathtext.bf                 : Roboto
mathtext.sf                 : Roboto
mathtext.tt                 : Roboto Slab
mathtext.cal                : Calligraffiti

# axis properties
xtick.labelsize             : 14
ytick.labelsize             : 14
axes.labelsize              : 18
axes.labelpad               : 5
axes.titlesize              : 22
axes.axisbelow              : False
axes.edgecolor              : gray
axes.formatter.limits       : -3, 4
axes.formatter.use_mathtext : True

# grid properties
axes.grid                   : True
grid.linewidth              : .5
grid.alpha                  : 0.5

# legend properties
legend.fontsize             : 10
legend.numpoints            : 2
legend.handlelength         : 1
legend.fancybox             : False
legend.edgecolor            : inherit

# figure properties
figure.figsize              : 12, 6
svg.fonttype                : none
